[IMP] Expenses: Updating reinvoice expenses (#15148)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/finance/expenses/reinvoice_expenses.rst

   - :doc:`Log expenses <../expenses/log_expenses>`
   - :doc:`Expense reports <../expenses/expense_reports>`
   - :doc:`Approve expenses <../expenses/approve_expenses>`
   - :doc:`Post expenses <../expenses/post_expenses>`

Setup
=====

First, specify the invoicing policy for each expense category. Navigate to :menuselection:`Expenses
app --> Configuration --> Expense Categories`. Click on an expense category to view the expense
category form. Under the :guilabel:`INVOICING` section, click the radio button next to the desired
selection for :guilabel:`Re-Invoice costs`:

> - :guilabel:`No`: The expense category **cannot** be re-invoiced.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- :guilabel:`No`: The expense category **cannot** be reinvoiced.
```
I understand the UI for the radio button is "Re-invoiced" but since you use "reinvoice" in the rest of the doc, I think this one should be updated as well
